updates for index template v2 (#1601)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/index-templates.md

### Configure multiple templates

> You can create multiple index templates for your indexes. If the index name matches more than one template, OpenSearch will take the one with highest priority and apply to the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create multiple index templates for your indexes. If the index name matches more than one template, OpenSearch takes the mappings and settings from the template with the highest priority and applies it to the index.
```

}
```

> Because `template-02` has a higher `priority` value, it takes precedence over `template-01` . The `logs-2020-01-02` index would have the `number_of_shards` value as 3 and `number_of_replicas` as default value 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `template-02` has a higher `priority` value, it takes precedence over `template-01` . The `logs-2020-01-02` index would have the `number_of_shards` value as 3 and the `number_of_replicas` as the default value 1.
```
